Not the entire 12 zodiac villa
Here are 12 gold-digging women of different zodiac signs
It should be interesting.
You're exaggerating too much.
He can buy the whole set of 12 zodiac villas
I think he's here to cause trouble.
Why don't you call the security guard to get him away?
This is originally
I plan to buy only one Qinglong Villa
But now
I want to change my identity as a wolf in the dog world
It's confirmed
How much does this whole building cost, Mr. Zhao?
You do the math.
The entire set of my zodiac villa cost 5 billion
It's because the cost is too high
In the past ten years
No one has said they want to buy the whole set yet.
I wonder if you are ready to pay the full amount, Mr. Lin?
Still preparing for installment?
I don't need to pay installments for just 5 billion
Only 5 billion
I think you are just a smelly sewer rat
I fantasize about being the richest man in Jiangnan all day long
Brat
If you can come up with 5 billion to buy a central villa today
I kneel down and call you daddy
Our Lin family won't accept an ugly son like you.
Boss Zhao, you don't really believe he can come up with 5 billion
Buy Shengxiao Villa
If your sales department continues to allow this rubbish
Talking nonsense here
I won't buy this 30 million villa.
Mr. Wang, please calm down.
Cool down
Why
Kick him out.
Boss Zhao, you have to think it over carefully.
You can tell if you have money by swiping your finger.
If you really kick me out
That 5 billion is gone.
Don't send
If you continue like this, there's really no way this will end.
I can't wait to see goddess Xia Caiwei
Meet my requirements
You are still stubborn even when you are about to die.
If you can't give me 5 billion today,
I'll break your legs if you leave.
so we slow
oh god